restructure 8.8 announcements (#5221)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/reference/announcements-release-notes/overview.md

---
id: overview
title: "Announcements & release notes"
description: "Important announcements and release notes for upcoming and past Camunda 8 releases that customers should be aware of."
---

> In this section you will find announcements and release notes for each supported version of the Camunda documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Announcements and release notes for supported Camunda versions.
```
Rewording suggestion
